Exclude action.func folders when processing prerenderFunctions (#749)
cloudflare/next-on-pages: .changeset/funny-icons-marry.md

---
'@cloudflare/next-on-pages': patch
---

> Exclude .action.func folder introduced in next.js 14.2.2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ignore the `.action.func` folders introduced in next.js 14.2.2
```
